### Participants
Johan, Adi, Fredrik, Joel
### This Meetings
* Language on the "planeringsrapport"
> English
* Discussion about Robins paper
> We are not happy with the project. The introduction to the project did not have any information about this kind of math. The project staten how we should just implement this is code. Not spend weeks trying to dechipher the article.
* Is the documentation on github okay?
> Add githubnick -> Real name in the readme
> A folder for the weekly reports

* Questions for Robin
> Quick explanation about what you think the project is about. We do not have sufficent knowledge about type-system, proof and math. 
> Proof for dummies? What is policy, constructor, architecture, message, trace. 
> Explain our view


* Until next meeting
> Contact Robin and discuss.
> Read related articles. 
